sublime-xdk-package
===================
 
This repo contains a package for the [Sublime Text
editor](<http://www.sublimetext.com>) that allows you to control several key
Intel XDK activities from within the Sublime Text editor, including:
 
-   Starting your app in the Emulate tab.
 
-   Updating your app for use with the Test tab and App Preview.
 
-   Starting and stopping your app on an attached device with the Debug tab.
 
-   Launching and starting memory and CPU profiling on the Profile tab.
 
All of these actions can be activated directly from within your Sublime Text
edit window using either keyboard shortcuts or a special Intel XDK menu from
within the editor.
 
Package Installation
--------------------
 
The easiest way to install this Sublime Text plugin for the Intel XDK is to use
the Sublime [Package Control](<https://sublime.wbond.net/installation>) tool.
With the Package Control tool installed:
 
-   Start the Sublime Text Command Palette (Cmd+Shift+p on Mac or Ctrl+Shift+p
    on Windows and Linux).
 
-   Start typing "Package" in the command palette and select `Package Control:
    Install Package` from the list.
 
-   Wait for Package Control to fetch the current list of available Sublime
    packages.
 
-   Start typing "xdk" to locate IntelXDK in the list of packages to locate
    `IntelXDK`.
 
-   Select the `IntelXDK` package from the list to install it as part of your
    Sublime Text editor.
 
If the installation is successful you will see a new menu added to your Sublime
Text editor of the name "Intel XDK" which you can use to control activities in
the Intel XDK.
 
Manual Installation
-------------------
 
[Download a ZIP
file](<https://github.com/gomobile/sublime-xdk-package/archive/master.zip>) of
the plugin and extract that ZIP into a folder named `IntelXDK` in your Sublime
Text `Packages` directory. The Sublime Text 3 packages folders are usually
located here:
 
-   Windows:
    `"%AppData%\Sublime Text 3\Packages"`
 
-   Mac OS X:
    `~/Library/Application\ Support/Sublime\ Text\ 3/Packages`
 
-   Linux:
    `~/.config/sublime-text-3/Packages/XDK`
 
If you are using Sublime Text 2 you should be able to replace the `3` in each
location (above) with a `2` to find the Sublime Text packages folder on your
system.
 
Most of the features of this plugin require that the Intel XDK is running on the
same system as your Sublime Text editor, and that you are logged into the Intel
XDK.
 
If you wish to report a bug, please include any log messages from Sublime Text
in your bug report and post your issue on the [Intel XDK
forum](<http://software.intel.com/en-us/forums/intel-xdk>). To view log messages
you can open the Sublime Text console using Ctrl+\` or View -\> Show Console.
The last 10 lines are generally enough information from the log.
 
Detailed Instructions
---------------------
 
Under constructionâ€¦ more to be provided.
 
